Add SimpleFIN where GoCardless mentioned in Accounts docs (#643)
actualbudget/docs: docs/accounts/index.md

You can also add an account using the `+ Add account` button in the sidebar.

Two successive screens will appear with boxes asking you to fill in a few options

> - Create a Local Account or Link (to GoCardless for European Banks, or SimpleFIN Bridge for North American Banks) (See [Connecting Your Bank](https://actualbudget.org/docs/advanced/bank-sync))

Reviewer: This has the potential to become a long list. Could we make it generic?

```suggestion
- Create a Local Account or Link to a supported bank syncing provider (See [Connecting Your Bank](https://actualbudget.org/docs/advanced/bank-sync))
```

Author: works for me! - pr branch updated
